Incremental decoding benchmark results (#1019)
input-output-hk/ouroboros-leios: docs/leios-design/README.md

>
> TODO: investigate possibility to use TCP_NOTSENT_LOWAT on cardano network despite its non-portability.

> Benchamark resutls showed that incremental decoding of a full Praos blocks can improve decoding time by serveral milliseconds (which is a minor improvement). However, more substantial gains were observed for blocks of size of several MBs, where time saved can reach several hundreds milliseconds (ref. Intersect/ouroboros-network#5367).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Benchmarks results showed that incremental decoding of a full Praos blocks can improve decoding time by several milliseconds (which is a minor improvement). However, more substantial gains were observed for blocks of size of several MBs, where time saved can reach several hundreds milliseconds (ref. Intersect/ouroboros-network#5367).
```
